# SCL Boss

Welcome to the SCL Boss GitLab repository. This project is currently under development and more details will be added as the project evolves. The following is a brief description of the files contained in this project:

## Files
boss.py: The main Python script for the project. It runs all the main functions of the other scripts. 

config.py: A configuration Python script. This type of file is used to store settings that your application needs to run.

dockerfile: This is a text document that contains all the commands a user could call on the command line to assemble an image. This is used in creating Docker containers.

newmail.py: The file used to define the functions for sending a new, individual created mail. 

requirements.txt: This is where you list the dependencies for your Python project. Use pip install -r requirements.txt to install these dependencies.

sendmail5.py: A Python script related to sending emails based on an selection of templates. 

sent2.py: A Python script which analyzes the stored data from mails in the sent_emails.json file and presents them in an useful manner. 

sent_emails.json: A JSON file used to store data about emails that have been sent.

templates: This directory contains template files used in the SCL framework. 

old: This directory likely contains older versions of files or deprecated code.

pycache__: This directory contains Python byte code files that are automatically generated by Python, improving your script's start-up speed.

ReadMe: This is the file you're currently reading. It provides an overview of the project and instructions on how to use it.

## Getting Started
To clone the repository, use the following commands:

For SSH:

```
git clone git@gitlab.com:blockchainstudentproject.info/scl-boss.git
```
For HTTPS:

```
git clone https://gitlab.com/blockchainstudentproject.info/scl-boss
```
Then navigate into the project directory:

```
cd scl-boss
```
Install the necessary dependencies:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
## Contributing
If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow the standard GitLab flow:

Fork the project.
Create a new branch for your features or fixes.
Commit your changes in your branch.
Push your changes to your fork.
Submit a merge request from your fork's branch to our master branch.
Please include a description of your changes when you submit your merge request.

## Contact
For any questions or concerns, please open an issue on this GitLab repository.
