# SCL BOT

EmailBot is a Python script that lets you receive email notifications on Telegram via a Telegram bot. With EmailBot, you can monitor your email inbox and get real-time updates on your mobile device or desktop without having to check your email constantly. EmailBot is easy to set up and customize to meet your specific needs.

In this README, you will find instructions on how to install and use EmailBot, as well as tips for customizing the script and setting up a schedule to run it automatically. Before you get started, be sure to read the prerequisites section to ensure that you have everything you need to use EmailBot.

##Setting Up the Schedule

To run the [EmailBot.py](path/to/EmailBot.py) script on a schedule, you can use a cron job. Here's an example cron expression to run the script every 2 hours:
```
0 */2 * * * /usr/bin/python3 /path/to/EmailBot.py
```
This expression specifies that the script should run at minute 0 of every second hour (i.e., at 0:00, 2:00, 4:00, 6:00, 8:00, 10:00, 12:00, 14:00, 16:00, 18:00, 20:00, and 22:00) and should be executed with the python3 command using the full path to the EmailBot.py script.

##Setting Up and Editing the SCL_mailbot on Telegram

To set up and edit the SCL_mailbot on Telegram, you can follow these steps:

Open the Telegram app and search for @BotFather.

Send the /newbot command to create a new bot.

Follow the instructions to set a name and username for the bot.

Copy the bot token that is generated by BotFather.

Open the EmailBot.py script in a text editor.

Replace the Telegram bot token in the main() function with the token you copied from BotFather.

Optionally, modify the chat_id variable to specify the chat ID where you want to receive the messages. You can use the SCL_mailbot to get your chat ID:

a. Open the Telegram app and search for @SCL_mailbot.

b. Send the /start command to start the bot.

c. Send the /chatid command to get your chat ID. The bot will reply with your chat ID.

d. Replace the chat_id variable in the main() function with your chat ID.

Save the changes to the EmailBot.py script.

Run the script to start receiving email notifications on Telegram.

That's it! You should now be able to receive email notifications on Telegram via the SCL_mailbot.
